Exercise A has started.

We have implemented a function, that makes the linear spline using binary search from a table at at given point z. Furthermore a function that calculates the integral of this linear spline has been made. As a test a linear interpolation and integration has been made from a dataset of a cosine funciton. 

We start the calculation.
The found linear spline and integral spline is shown in the corresponding figure.
With a successfull demonstration of the spline and intragral function the first exercise is hereby done.


Exercise B has started.

We have implemented a function, that makes the quadratic spline using binary search from a table at at given point z. Furthermore a function that calculates the integral and the derivative of this quadratic spline has been made. As a test a quadratic interpolation, derivation and integration has been made from a dataset of a constant, linear and quadratic funciton. 

We start the calculation.
The found quadratic spline with derivative and integral is shown in the corresponding figure, and gives the expected trivial values for the three functions.
With a successfull demonstration of the quadratic spline, derivative and intregral, the second exercise is hereby done.


Exercise C has started.

We have implemented a function, that makes the cubic spline using binary search from a table at at given point z. Furthermore a function that calculates the integral and the derivative of this cubic spline has been made. As a test a quadratic interpolation, derivation and integration has been made from a dataset of a cosine function, and a comparison is made with the GSL-library functions. 

We start the calculation.
The found cubic spline with derivative and integral is shown in the corresponding figure, and gives the expected sine-values for the integral and derivative. We also conclude that the cubic spline are well represented by the GSL-function.
With a successfull demonstration of the cubic spline, derivative and intregral, the third exercise is hereby done.
 This ends the examination on interpolation.

